[Applause]
when it paltrow you ugly-ass big bird
looking unpopular opinion lena
Dunham's boobs are dog noses does Jenner
Butler have a massive student loan or
something is that what he does over the
films I don't have a student loan and
just do all the films Ty Burrell looks
like Jon Hamm if Jon Hamm was a crack
addict
how old is Bob Newhart now about 120
I feel like Britney Spears is stalking
me on the radio quit forcing your
suckage on me you tired Geena Davis is a
real man's man chloe moretz or whatever
her stupid name is looks like my
seriously she has not decent-looking
whatsoever you must have a really bleach
I hate that scandal cast Scott Foley
he is TV poison for one thing and he's a
creep with raper Hey raper rape her face
Michael Chiklis looks like a scrotum Ted
Danson sucks donkey balls he's right
guys John Stamos has a gross belly
button he's right I hope you all have a
great weekend
except you Lisa Kudrow if an alien
landed here and demanded a famous person
to eat I Drive straight to Adam
Sandler's house with a net
[Applause]
Nick Offerman's hands seem crazy small
compared to his head David Blaine looks
like his voice is putting his face to
sleep I've had a good chuckle over that
one I'm coming after you
TX rizz